---
layout: post
title: Hubway for commute and the Spirit of Boston
category: essays
---


After I settled myself in office in the morning, I happily pulled out my phone. On the locked screen, it shows my latest bike Ride Complete on Hubway, the shared bike service in Boston Metro areas. Today it was from One Memorial Drive station to Boylston St at Washington St Station. It was 9:02 Minutes in total for 1.1 Miles, which burns me 48 Calories. That lights up my day every day. 

I signed up for Hubway only since September. Since I moved to Boston 3 years ago, I have been living in the same apartment buildi
ng in Cambridge forever. I took 3 stops on redline to office and back home every day. I enjoyed the commute at first, because it only took 15 minutes while my commute was like 50 minutes back in NYC. Since this summer, the neighborhood of my apartment building has been turned into construction sites. I wake up in the ear-hurting noise from the boring machines in the morning, which is fine and actually helps me get up on time. What start to feel uncomfortable is the blocked roads on my way to the subway station. Now it took an extra 15 minutes for me to walk simply from my apartment to the station on top of the 15-minute commute. Every day I started to feel morning anger. Until one month ago, Redline announced replacing redline between Cambridge and Boston with buses on weekends. I started to feel hurt with the increase of my average daily commute time to Boston and doubt the worth of my monthly subway travel costs. Now it is time for a change. I signed up for annual membership on Hubway referred by a girl from my art studio class.

In the beginning, with great excitement, I quickly adapt my lifestyle to accommodating my new commuting style. I dress more business casual than business formal to be able to ride bicycle as well as sit in office. I put only sunscreen on my face instead of complete makeup when it was too bright outside. I make sure that I have my gloves and helmet in my pocket before I leave home. 

So far, I have completed 51 Rides, 8 Hours, 65 Miles in total, 2801 Calories burnt. It was only 20 minutes daily for my round trip between home and office. I treat it as a quick warm-up exercise and feel so proud myself during every single minute. Across the Longfellow Bridge, I rode faster than redline when it randomly got stuck on the bridge. My inner monologue is yeah I am faster screw you ghost train. On the Charles st around Beacon Hill, bikes share lanes with automotive. I rode side by side with automotive. My inner monologue goes "yeah I am low on Carbon Emission. And I am also exercising more". However, when I had to climb up the uphill of the bridge and bumpy roads in Boston Common on the highest gear, it was so hard that I sweat the most during those sections and rode the slowest. Every morning, I wake up feeling the sore muscles in my body; it also couldn't feel better since I exercised.

Little by little, ride after rid, I become more familiar with the city roads as I travel around more by bicycle. I direct my friends to the scenic and enjoyable cycling routes around the city. One of my favorite routes is from Mass Ave in Cambridge to Museum of Fine arts via Huntington Ave, especially in a sunny weekend. The bike lanes are exclusive. The roads are surrounded with trees. The street has some Boston landmarks to offer, the museums, the art schools, churches and the symphony. Some of my friends start to love it like I do. 

Sometimes, people ask what about winter time. In the first couple weeks, I was truly not sure and could not provide an answer. Now I'm more certain. With Hubway, I found myself starting to share the Boston spirit as I witness in the unstoppable runners all year round, even the heaviest snow they run along the frozen Charles River. I know I will still be riding Hubway when the winter comes. Because when the winter comes in Boston, cars get buried, trains get stuck but bikes, just like the unstoppable runners, they still stands and are always ready to start a ride.
