---
layout: post
title: Love
cateogory: 散文
---

The other Saturday night I was dining at Aviary New York with friends. The view was great and company was stunning. There were a gay couple sitting next to us, super fit and dressed up to the cutest. Guess only people with real connections end up here together just like me and my fabulous friends.

A few drinks passed by. I wasted zero drop of them, stood up and went to the super luxurious rest room, in my pretty dress and sky high heels. I told myself, walk steady and watch posture as people may be watching you. I went in, making sure that I look good and headed out the restroom.

Upon my walk out, I felt a light shining straight on me, from a pair of eyes, right in the front, so dazzling that I felt overly flattered. It must be my dress I thought. Soon identified, it was from a smiling man, aged man, in his 50s or 60s, fit, stylishly dressed up in black suede jacket, dark colored pants and shoes. He is focusing all his energy staring into my direction, smiling with eyes focused, putting up a most charming face that he can. Simultaneously identified, an elegant lady was walking from behind me, towards him. I took a glance at her, curly brown hair, similarly aged and similarly, staring into him. I quickly walked past by them. They were still like that staring into each other while she is walking to him, clearly waiting to be served and enjoy an amazing date night.

No wonder I felt like electrified. I was broken through by the electricity flow between two extremely mutually attracted electrodes. I can’t imagine what a long charming story it is behind this couple. The strong connection was silent, powerful and time transcending.

That’s probably what love is, silently powerfully electrifying torture.
